what's up guys it's the back seat here
and this is my first let's play series
featuring two old war Shogun two just
picked it up stores today and I got
myself a ninja statue and this head just
fell off so I'll see if I can repair
that later
and now there's some things I'm gonna
let you know guys you should subscribe
to my channel because I will be putting
up full videos daily and if you do it
then there will be giveaways featuring
some nice things you do not want to miss
it trust me and for God's sake the most
important thing don't forget the
assignment that you guys are gonna be
able to pick the clan I'll be playing us
and quite a nice thing I did that for
you I could have picked just the
funniest clown I itself why I probably
pick the Mauri clan I like ships I like
city bells and they can move quickly on
the map I see I checked out their
information but you gosh I'm doing this
for you so you're gonna be able to pick
here we have the shoes to cap the clan
and these guys have increased income
from farms and they can recruit superior
bow infantry and they're called the
masters of the land and they spawn on an
island and she muscle cramp spawn down
the western part of the island and they
can recruit superior katana heroes
masters of integrity
I had sword clan masters of darkness
response in the middle of the shit with
a territory the size of my brain and
especially satori units persecutor
training and data clan they spawn on the
size of my penis and they have their
masters in battle and they can recruits
appearing on - II sorry no samurais okay
v clan Roger Clyne and these guys have
some sort of stone cactus guild master
builders can recruit to pierce infantry
and castles are cheaper to build and
repair
mori clan poor master the waves these
guys ride on whales and shit things up
they can recruit superior ships and
they've reduced a recruitment constant
upkeep for all ships order climb reduce
recruitment costs turn up queue for all
astir gary improve morale for all ash
Garen now and a shigera guy would be a
spear man that's what I believe
Takeda clan these guys the badass looked
like made like a total douchebag
massive horses improved morale for
cavalry now cavalry is a huge thing to
have but this is like there's islands so
heavily won't be go
the votes I think whatever and tokugawa
can recruit special ninjas and bonus to
diplomatic relations now these guys are
sitting down means that they are
peaceful although they might not be
peaceful last up these kind of Borya
monks they look like Muslim woman hey
when they sorry anyway increased trading
common can recruit superior warrior
monks let's not get this religious and
political I've said that it's a black
upset episodes but you guys know where
we have all the territories here and
something small is on the biggest some
are better some are worse and that's
guys it sorry I slipped on the words now
listen this one will be going out
quickly as quickly as I'm speaking and
you guys are gonna be able to vote I
subscribe to me and because you don't
wanna miss a single episode I know it I
fucking know it man
and and guys vote and I'll check in
about an hour later from when you're
watching this I'll pick the guy and I
becoming the client or they got standing
up and or the guy that is sitting down
and then I'll place him so or them why
am I saying him they should pick a whole
team you know a team photo of the whole
clan you can imagine that anyways so
shake it back later I'll check him back
and later bye bye the baby and and first
I'm gonna get some sleep because I just
went up like 9 o'clock in morning
weather to talk about this game stop
that's probably the first let's play
each other that's going up on YouTube if
not the bloody Russians got it before us
since the clock is turned around that
before as in time but still not because
they use 98 equipments in war anyways so
yeah not trying to offend anyone but if
you're easily offended you might get
offended by my show so this is me
playing the one bill three one eight
three two eight 204 nine verse someone
so you should get shaken back later it's
autumn time today in the game so it's
definitely not autumn outside but it is
cold as hell so check it back in later
I've said that three times she came back
later and we'll see you guys chicken
back and later